Welcome to Moviecaps.
Today I will show you a Drama, Sci-fi, Thriller
Black Mirror episode from 2011, titled The
Entire History of You.
Spoilers ahead!
Watch out and take care.
Liam is at a job appraisal.
He is questioned whether everything is going
fine and he reassures them.
He gets in a cab where an ad is playing on
a transparent screen.
He isn't sure how the appraisal went, so he
pulls out a tiny remote and watches it back
multiple times, paying attention to their
expressions and everything they say.
A device behind his ear called “Grain”
is projecting the memory straight to his eyes
in greater detail.
As he is boarding a flight, he is asked by
security to rewind his last week.
The computer checks every person he has interacted
with and he is cleared for the flight.
His wife Ffion is at a dinner party where
Jeff is watching back a memory from his stay
at a 5 star hotel.
He says the memory is ruined because of a
frayed carpet.
Liam arrives and is welcomed in by Lucy.
They make small talk and she hands him a drink.
As he goes into a room he sees his wife talking
to someone.
She comes up and says he's arrived early and
asks how the appraisal went.
Jonas walks up and introduces himself.
The guests ask Liam about the appraisal and
he says he's not sure how it went, so they
try to pressure him into watching it together.
Jonas points out how he is uncomfortable,
so they should drop it.
As everyone heads for dinner, Liam stays back
and replays what he saw as he walked in.
Lucy brings in a new guest- Hallam.
They're having dinner and discussing relationships.
Jonas thinks that staying with 1 person for
an extended period of time is boring.
He also mentions that even if he's in a relationship,
he keeps watching re do’s of earlier hot
times and says that everyone else probably
does it too.
Lucy informs everyone that Hallam doesn't
have a grain.
Everyone is taken aback by this and she explains
that a year ago someone assaulted her and
gauged her Grain out, apparently to sell it
to some millionaire perv.
After not having it for a few days she kinda
liked it.
One of the guests points out that actual memories
aren't reliable and can be influenced, so
she couldn't go grainless.
Liam and Ffion are driving home in a cab and
watch back his job appraisal, trying to make
sense of it.
She points out how one of the interviewers
drew a tick which must be a good sign, but
Liam isn't convinced stating that they were
huge pricks.
Later Liam points out that Ffion laughed at
every joke Jonas said.
They arrive home and offer the babysitter
to stay the night because she would have to
wait 40 minutes for a cab otherwise.
After she goes up to a spare bedroom they
watch back the day through their kids eyes.
Liam questions his wifes interactions with
Jonas.
She says they only dated for a month, years
ago.
He says that previously she said they dated
for only a week, which she denies so he pulls
up a memory where she says it was a week catching
her in a lie.
Later, as they are making love, they are watching
back a memory of a more exciting time.
After she falls asleep, he pours himself a
drink and stays up late watching back everything
Jonas said and her response.
He uses lipreading reconstruction to see what
Ffion and Jonas were saying when he walked
in.
The babysitter wakes up and Liam asks her
whether a joke Jonas said that only Ffion
laughed at is funny.
Ffion comes down and Liam tries to push the
babysitter for a response, making her uncomfortable.
Fion is embarrassed and apologizes to the
babysitter and leads her out.
Ffion is frustrated but Liam asks her to sit
down and just keeps playing clips from her
interactions with Jonas.
He points out that she gets stiff around him,
but not with Jonas.
He is becoming obsessed and keeps questioning
her.
Ffion admits that they actually went out for
6 months and says she downplayed it, because
it happened years ago.
Liam says that it wasn't years ago for Jonas
and shows her the part where Jonas talks about
watching back the hot parts of his earlier
relationships.
She tells him to sober up and leaves in frustration.
He keeps drinking while watching the same
clips.
A bit later he gets in his car, which warns
him that he shouldn't be driving in his condition.
He dismisses the warning, shows up at Jonas'
place and lets himself in.
Liam grabs a bottle and starts drinking.
Jonas says it's not cool for him to walk in
like this and ask whether he needs to call
Ffion.
Hallam walks in and after Liam makes an inappropriate
joke, she says he should leave.
He takes another sip, comments on the nice
room and asks if this is where he wanks to
his wife.
Now Jonas also asks him to leave and, as he
tries to get him out, Liam hits him in the
head with the bottle.
Jonas wakes up in his car that's crashed into
a tree with no memories of what happened after.
He rewinds to see Hallam panicking and calling
the police while he wrestles Jonas on the
ground while screaming for him to delete every
interaction with Ffion from his timeline.
When this doesn't work he breaks the bottle
and threatens to slice his neck.
Jonas deletes them all and Liam finally leaves
while screaming at Jonas to stay away from
his house.
He comes out of the memory, stunned at what
he's capable of.
He goes back home, wakes up his wife and asks
her whether he is their daughter's father.
Ffion acts confused so he pulls up his interaction
with Jonas.
“Christ, what have you done?” she whispers.
He fast forwards to where all of Jonas’
memories with Ffion can be seen and zooms
in on the most recent one, 18 months ago,
when she was already with Liam.
Their bedroom painting can be seen in the
background.
Tears start forming in her eyes.
She says she's sorry and that it happened
when Liam had walked out for 5 days, without
even calling her and that she was drunk.
He asks whether they used protection and when
she says they did he asks her to show him.
She says she deleted it but he keeps pushing
her to show the blank gap in her timeline.
She tries to delete it without him watching
but he stops her and forces her to put it
on a screen.
She has no choice because he starts getting
aggressive so she plays it back to him.
She hides her face while he watches the whole
thing.
Ffion and the painting are gone.
Liam is laying in bed, replaying memories
of their daughter.
As he walks through the house, he reminisces
of the good times they had together when they
were happy.
He's in front of a bathroom mirror, contemplating.
He makes a cut behind his ear and takes the
Grain out.
The End.
Thank you for watching!
Subscribe if you'd like to see more videos
like this.